{
 "head": {
  "counts": {
   "questionCount": 27,
   "resultCount": 27
  },
  "dateRange": {
   "start": "2022-10-01T00:00:00.000Z",
   "end": "2022-10-31T00:00:00.000Z"
  },
  "lang": "mul"
 },
 "results": [
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 1. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [43923/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_1",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 1
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 2. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [45727/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
     "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_2",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 2
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 3. Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [46016/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Richard-Boyd-Barrett.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Richard Boyd Barrett",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Richard-Boyd-Barrett.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_3",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 3
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 4. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [46019/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
     "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_4",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 4
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 5. Deputy Mick Barry asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [46036/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Mick-Barry.D.2016-10-03",
     "showAs": "Mick Barry",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mick-Barry.D.2016-10-03"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_5",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 5
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 6. Deputy Pádraig O'Sullivan asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will next meet. [46786/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29",
     "showAs": "Pádraig O'Sullivan",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_6",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 6
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_7.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_7",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_7"
    },
    "showAs": " 7. Deputy Cathal Crowe asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on education will meet next. [46788/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Cathal-Crowe.D.2020-02-08",
     "showAs": "Cathal Crowe",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Cathal-Crowe.D.2020-02-08"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_7",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 7
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 8. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will next meet. [43924/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_8",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 8
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 9. Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will next meet. [44835/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Richard-Boyd-Barrett.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Richard Boyd Barrett",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Richard-Boyd-Barrett.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_9",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 9
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 10. Deputy Rose Conway-Walsh asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will meet next. [44918/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Rose-Conway-Walsh.S.2016-04-25",
     "showAs": "Rose Conway-Walsh",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Rose-Conway-Walsh.S.2016-04-25"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_10",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 10
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 11. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will next meet. [45728/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
     "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_11",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 11
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 12. Deputy Pádraig O'Sullivan asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will next meet. [46787/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29",
     "showAs": "Pádraig O'Sullivan",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_12",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 12
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 13. Deputy Cathal Crowe asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will meet next. [46789/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Cathal-Crowe.D.2020-02-08",
     "showAs": "Cathal Crowe",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Cathal-Crowe.D.2020-02-08"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_13",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 13
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_8.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_8",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_8"
    },
    "showAs": " 14. Deputy Mick Barry asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on economic recovery and investment will next meet. [48634/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Mick-Barry.D.2016-10-03",
     "showAs": "Mick Barry",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mick-Barry.D.2016-10-03"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_14",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 14
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 15. Deputy Alan Farrell asked the Taoiseach if he will outline his engagements with the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on the issue of Brexit and Northern Ireland. [44478/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Alan-Farrell.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Alan Farrell",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Alan-Farrell.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_15",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 15
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 16. Deputy Bernard J. Durkan asked the Taoiseach the extent to which he has had conversations with the newly elected British Prime Minister. [44710/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Bernard-Durkan.D.1981-06-30",
     "showAs": "Bernard Durkan",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Bernard-Durkan.D.1981-06-30"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_16",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 16
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 17. Deputy Neale Richmond asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his conversation with the new British Prime Minister. [44783/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Neale-Richmond.S.2016-04-25",
     "showAs": "Neale Richmond",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Neale-Richmond.S.2016-04-25"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_17",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 17
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 18. Deputy Brendan Smith asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his recent attendance at the British Irish Association Conference.  [44812/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Brendan-Smith.D.1992-12-14",
     "showAs": "Brendan Smith",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Brendan-Smith.D.1992-12-14"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_18",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 18
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 19. Deputy Brendan Smith asked the Taoiseach if he has spoken with the new British Prime Minister. [44813/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Brendan-Smith.D.1992-12-14",
     "showAs": "Brendan Smith",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Brendan-Smith.D.1992-12-14"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_19",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 19
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 20. Deputy Seán Haughey asked the Taoiseach if he has spoken with the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. [44815/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Seán-Haughey.S.1987-04-25",
     "showAs": "Seán Haughey",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Seán-Haughey.S.1987-04-25"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_20",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 20
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 21. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his conversation with the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. [44842/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
     "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_21",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 21
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 22. Deputy Ruairí Ó Murchú asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the latest communications with British Prime Minister. [44933/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08",
     "showAs": "Ruairí Ó Murchú",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_22",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 22
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 23. Deputy Neale Richmond asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his recent meeting with the European Union Commissioner for Interinstitutional Relations and Foresight, Mr. Maroš Šefčovič.  [44784/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Neale-Richmond.S.2016-04-25",
     "showAs": "Neale Richmond",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Neale-Richmond.S.2016-04-25"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_23",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 23
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 24. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his engagements with the new British Prime Minister. [45729/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
     "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_24",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 24
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 25. Deputy Bernard J. Durkan asked the Taoiseach if the Northern Ireland Protocol was discussed during his recent conversations with the British Prime Minister.  [46034/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Bernard-Durkan.D.1981-06-30",
     "showAs": "Bernard Durkan",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Bernard-Durkan.D.1981-06-30"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_25",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 25
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 26. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his most recent discussions with the British Prime Minister. [48036/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
     "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_26",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 26
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  },
  {
   "question": {
    "date": "2022-10-04",
    "debateSection": {
     "formats": {
      "pdf": null,
      "xml": {
       "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/mul@/dbsect_9.xml"
      }
     },
     "showAs": "Taoiseach's Meetings and Engagements",
     "debateSectionId": "dbsect_9",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2022-10-04/debate/dbsect_9"
    },
    "showAs": " 27. Deputy Seán Haughey asked the Taoiseach if he will report on his recent meeting with the European Commission Vice President, Mr. Maroš Šefčovič.  [48123/22] ",
    "by": {
     "memberCode": "Seán-Haughey.S.1987-04-25",
     "showAs": "Seán Haughey",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Seán-Haughey.S.1987-04-25"
    },
    "to": {
     "showAs": "Taoiseach",
     "roleCode": null,
     "roleType": null,
     "uri": null
    },
    "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2022-10-04/pq_27",
    "questionType": "oral",
    "house": {
     "showAs": "33rd Dáil",
     "committeeCode": "",
     "chamberType": "house",
     "houseCode": "dail",
     "houseNo": "33",
     "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/33"
    },
    "questionNumber": 27
   },
   "contextDate": "2022-10-04"
  }
 ]
}